wiki cleanup: Generic rewrites or additions (#110)
OpenTabletDriver/opentabletdriver.github.io: site/_wiki/FAQ/General.md

### How to convert areas to and from OpenTabletDriver? {#area-conversion}

#### Conversion through the OpenTabletDriver UI

- Right click the Tablet Area Editor
- Click the `Convert Item` menu item

> - Select your target OEM driver, and insert the appropriate values

Reviewer: Conversion goes from OEM driver to OpenTabletDriver, "target" here doesn't feel right. Maybe something like:

```suggestion
- Select the OEM driver to convert from, then input the appropriate values to the converter
```

Author: Good catch, I had the usage flipped.
